Password setup guideline (#5025)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: devices/surface-hub/surface-hub-2s-account.md

![Leave remaining settings unchanged in the default state](images/sh2-account3.png)

> 3. Set the password for the device account. To set the password, click on **Users** and then click **Active Users**. Now search for the newly created user to set the password. Ensure that you **do not** select the option **Make this user change their password when they first sign in.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Set the password for the device account. To set the password, choose **Users** and then select **Active Users**. Now search for the newly created user to set the password. Ensure that you **do not** select the option **Make this user change their password when they first sign in.**
```
